You know you got it, child, if it makes you feel good.
Life passes most people by while they're making plans for it.
Beware the barrenness of a busy life.
Comparison will kill you.
Be grateful that you made it to the morning, because over 250 thousand of your fellow human beings did not.
We are all just temporary humans.
In about 150 years, no one will remember you.
The Earth doesn't need us.
Eat more cucumbers.
It’s always coldest just before the sunrise.
Intentional people are the happiest people.
Don't waste your time fitting in.
Consistency over intensity.
You can't do everything, so do what's important.
You can't be what you can't see.
I just want to be... me.
Eat food, not too much, mostly plants.
The world is a vampire.
Progress over perfection.
I know what it takes to fool this town.
Everything is amazing and no one is happy.
When's the last time you lived so intensely that your brain literally couldn't hold the memories in?
The hardest thing in the world is to simplify your life. It's so easy to make it complex. What's important is leading an examined life.
Happiness leads to success. Success does not lead to happiness.
Simplify.
Who you are === Who you want to be
Health is wealth.
Homesick for an unknown place.
Climbing is your therapy.
Happiness is a state of mind.
People will choose unhappiness over uncertainty.
Give me profundities.
Home is where the rock is.
This is my computer. There are many like it, but this one is mine.
Sleep > caffeine
Yesterday is lost.
Reality - Expectations = Happiness
You never lose a dream. It just incubates as a hobby.
That's all life is, Mike: eating and shitting.
Don't believe everything you think.
What if you could?
Arm the homeless.
The future is inclusive.
You don’t need it.
A life outdoors is a life well lived.
He who would travel happily must travel light.
Out of clutter, find simplicity.
We become the places that we experience.
You're better off without it.
Finding stuff to do is not the challenge. Figuring out what you can ignore is.
Take it one day at a time.
Enlightenment isn't found with a full stomach, or on a soft pillow.
Nothing is often better than some thing.
Dedication > Commitment
Fam over 'gram.
Alone in your crowd.
Anxiety loves to validate itself.
People are not pure functions.
Fine never means fun.
Keep it simple, stupid.
Life long learning.
Have you had enough water today?
It's just another thing.
Don’t have a cow man.
Alcohol is a waste of money.
What are you living for today?
A thousand dollars is a lot of money.
Don't let yourself go.
We buy crap we don't need with money we don't have to impress people we don't care about.
Climbing showed me that there are two worlds: one where money is sacred, and another where everything is sacred.
De boa na lagoa.
Suave na nave 😎
The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago and the second best time is today.
In the future, is everything mid?
Double the possessions but never double the fun.
Comparison is the thief of joy.
There is a war going on for your attention.
It's always coldest just before the sunrise.
